br/ufrj/caronae/firebase/MyFirebaseMessagingService.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.firebase.MyFirebaseMessagingService
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/modules/LoadMoreModule.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.LoadMoreModule
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.LoadMoreModule$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.LoadMoreModule$1$1
br/ufrj/caronae/comparators/ChatMsgComparator.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.comparators.ChatMsgComparator
br/ufrj/caronae/models/Institution.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.Institution
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/MyRidesFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyRidesFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyRidesFrag$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyRidesFrag$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyRidesFrag$3
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/OptionsMenuFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.OptionsMenuFrag
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/FalaeAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.FalaeAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.FalaeAct$1
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/ui/ToolbarView.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.ui.ToolbarView
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.ui.ToolbarView$OnClickBackListener
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.ui.ToolbarView$OnClickNextListener
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.ui.ToolbarView$OnClickTitleListener
br/ufrj/caronae/Util.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.Util
 br.ufrj.caronae.Util$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.Util$OffsetDecoration
br/ufrj/caronae/components/gallery/GridAdapter.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.gallery.GridAdapter
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/RoundedTransformation.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.RoundedTransformation
br/ufrj/caronae/data/ImageSaver.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.data.ImageSaver
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/modules/ReboundModule.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.ReboundModule
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.ReboundModule$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.ReboundModule$2
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/MainAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct$3
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct$4
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct$5
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct$6
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct$7
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MainAct$8
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/SwipeDismissBaseActivity.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.SwipeDismissBaseActivity
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.SwipeDismissBaseActivity$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.SwipeDismissBaseActivity$SwipeDetector
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/CustomBottomDialogClass.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomBottomDialogClass
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/ChatAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ChatAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ChatAct$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ChatAct$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ChatAct$3
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ChatAct$4
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ChatAct$4$1
br/ufrj/caronae/Constants.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.Constants
br/ufrj/caronae/interfaces/Updatable.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.interfaces.Updatable
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/models/enums/SourceType.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.models.enums.SourceType
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/RideForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.RideForJson
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.RideForJson$1
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/RideDetailAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$10
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$11
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$12
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$13
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$14
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$14$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$15
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$16
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$17
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$3
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$4
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$5
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$6
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$7
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$7$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$8
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideDetailAct$9
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/api9/SurfaceViewPreview.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api9.SurfaceViewPreview
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api9.SurfaceViewPreview$1
br/ufrj/caronae/httpapis/LoginService.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.LoginService
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.LoginService$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.LoginService$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.LoginService$2$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.LoginService$3
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/FalaeFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.FalaeFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.FalaeFrag$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.FalaeFrag$2
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/CentersHubsFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.CentersHubsFrag
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/PlacesForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.PlacesForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/components/gallery/MediaItemView.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.gallery.MediaItemView
br/ufrj/caronae/models/RideOffer.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.RideOffer
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/modules/ReboundModuleDelegate.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.ReboundModuleDelegate
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/LoginForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.LoginForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/adapters/ViewWrapper.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.adapters.ViewWrapper
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/ChatSendMessageForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.ChatSendMessageForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/adapters/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.adapters.ViewPagerAdapter
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/TermsOfUseFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.TermsOfUseFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.TermsOfUseFrag$1
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/MyProfileEditFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$10
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$11
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$12
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$13
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$14
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$15
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$2$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$3
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$4
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$5
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$6
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$7
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$8
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileEditFrag$9
br/ufrj/caronae/httpapis/CaronaeAPIService.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.CaronaeAPIService
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/JoinRequestIDsForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.JoinRequestIDsForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/models/ActiveRideId.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.ActiveRideId
br/ufrj/caronae/App.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.App
 br.ufrj.caronae.App$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.App$2
br/ufrj/caronae/httpapis/InvalidCredentialsException.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.InvalidCredentialsException
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/CameraView.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.CameraView
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.CameraView$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.CameraView$Callback
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.CameraView$CallbackBridge
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.CameraView$Facing
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.CameraView$Flash
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.CameraView$SavedState
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.CameraView$SavedState$1
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/AllRidesListFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.AllRidesListFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.AllRidesListFrag$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.AllRidesListFrag$2
br/ufrj/caronae/asyncs/FetchMyOfferedRidesService.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.asyncs.FetchMyOfferedRidesService
 br.ufrj.caronae.asyncs.FetchMyOfferedRidesService$1
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/models/Post.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.models.Post
br/ufrj/caronae/httpapis/CaronaeAPI.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.CaronaeAPI
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/RideFilterFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RideFilterFrag
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/api23/Camera2Api23.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api23.Camera2Api23
br/ufrj/caronae/models/ChatMessageSendResponse.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.ChatMessageSendResponse
br/ufrj/caronae/ACRAreport/CrashReportFactory.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.ACRAreport.CrashReportFactory
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/MyRidesForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.MyRidesForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/models/Resource.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.models.Resource
br/ufrj/caronae/firebase/FetchReceivedMessagesService.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.firebase.FetchReceivedMessagesService
 br.ufrj.caronae.firebase.FetchReceivedMessagesService$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.firebase.FetchReceivedMessagesService$1$1
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/LoginAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.LoginAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.LoginAct$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.LoginAct$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.LoginAct$3
br/ufrj/caronae/models/RideHistory.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.RideHistory
br/ufrj/caronae/components/gallery/GridAdapterListener.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.gallery.GridAdapterListener
br/ufrj/caronae/models/ChatMessageReceived.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.ChatMessageReceived
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/SearchRidesListFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.SearchRidesListFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.SearchRidesListFrag$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.SearchRidesListFrag$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.SearchRidesListFrag$3
br/ufrj/caronae/models/ChatAssets.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.ChatAssets
br/ufrj/caronae/models/User.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.User
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.User$1
br/ufrj/caronae/models/UserChatMessageReceived.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.UserChatMessageReceived
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/api14/TextureViewPreview.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api14.TextureViewPreview
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api14.TextureViewPreview$1
br/ufrj/caronae/adapters/MyRidesAdapter.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.MyRidesAdapter
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.MyRidesAdapter$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.MyRidesAdapter$ViewHolder
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/StartAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.StartAct
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/ViewCompat2.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.ViewCompat2
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/CustomDateTimePicker.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomDateTimePicker
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomDateTimePicker$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomDateTimePicker$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomDateTimePicker$3
br/ufrj/caronae/models/RideRequestSent.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.RideRequestSent
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/DisplayOrientationDetector.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.DisplayOrientationDetector
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.DisplayOrientationDetector$1
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/FalaeMsgForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.FalaeMsgForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/MyProfileShowFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileShowFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.MyProfileShowFrag$1
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/MediaAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MediaAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MediaAct$1
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/models/Author.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.models.Author
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/RideSearchFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RideSearchFrag
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/AllRidesFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.AllRidesFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.AllRidesFrag$1
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/EndlessRecyclerViewScrollListener.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.EndlessRecyclerViewScrollListener
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/base/PreviewImpl.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.PreviewImpl
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.PreviewImpl$Callback
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/base/Size.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.Size
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/modules/PermissionModule.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.PermissionModule
br/ufrj/caronae/comparators/SortRides.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.comparators.SortRides
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/BrowsableAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.BrowsableAct
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/RideOfferFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RideOfferFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RideOfferFrag$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RideOfferFrag$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RideOfferFrag$3
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/ZonesFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.ZonesFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.ZonesFrag$1
br/ufrj/caronae/models/ModelValidateDuplicate.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.ModelValidateDuplicate
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/PlaceAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.PlaceAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.PlaceAct$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.PlaceAct$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.PlaceAct$3
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.PlaceAct$4
br/ufrj/caronae/data/SharedPref.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.data.SharedPref
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/OpeningAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.OpeningAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.OpeningAct$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.OpeningAct$2
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/base/AspectRatio.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.AspectRatio
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.AspectRatio$1
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/modules/LoadMoreModuleDelegate.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.modules.LoadMoreModuleDelegate
br/ufrj/caronae/models/RideRequestReceived.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.RideRequestReceived
br/ufrj/caronae/firebase/FirebaseTopicsHandler.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.firebase.FirebaseTopicsHandler
br/ufrj/caronae/models/Ride.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.Ride
br/ufrj/caronae/components/photo/CapturePhotoFragment.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.photo.CapturePhotoFragment
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.photo.CapturePhotoFragment$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.photo.CapturePhotoFragment$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.photo.CapturePhotoFragment$2$1
br/ufrj/caronae/BuildConfig.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.BuildConfig
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/CampiFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.CampiFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.CampiFrag$1
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/MyProfileAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MyProfileAct
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/FAQFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.FAQFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.FAQFrag$1
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/CustomDialogClass.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomDialogClass
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/TokenForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.TokenForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/FacebookFriendForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.FacebookFriendForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/data/MainThreadBus.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.data.MainThreadBus
 br.ufrj.caronae.data.MainThreadBus$1
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/UserForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.UserForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/WelcomeAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.WelcomeAct
br/ufrj/caronae/models/ChatMessageReceivedFromJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.ChatMessageReceivedFromJson
br/ufrj/caronae/httpapis/APIInterceptor.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.APIInterceptor
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/CustomPlaceBar.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomPlaceBar
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomPlaceBar$1
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/RideHistoryForJson.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.RideHistoryForJson
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/ProfileAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ProfileAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ProfileAct$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.ProfileAct$2
br/ufrj/caronae/models/NewChatMsgIndicator.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.NewChatMsgIndicator
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/base/CameraViewImpl.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.CameraViewImpl
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.CameraViewImpl$Callback
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/base/Constants.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.Constants
br/ufrj/caronae/adapters/RidesAdapter.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.RidesAdapter
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.RidesAdapter$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.RidesAdapter$ViewHolder
br/ufrj/caronae/models/Campi.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.Campi
br/ufrj/caronae/adapters/AllRidesFragmentPagerAdapter.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.AllRidesFragmentPagerAdapter
br/ufrj/caronae/models/modelsforjson/RideForJsonDeserializer.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.modelsforjson.RideForJsonDeserializer
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/base/SizeMap.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.base.SizeMap
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/adapters/RecyclerViewAdapterBase.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterBase
br/ufrj/caronae/adapters/ChatMsgsAdapter.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.ChatMsgsAdapter
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.ChatMsgsAdapter$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.ChatMsgsAdapter$ViewHolderLeft
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.ChatMsgsAdapter$ViewHolderRight
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/models/Session.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.models.Session
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/MenuOptionsAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.MenuOptionsAct
br/ufrj/caronae/acts/RideSearchAct.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideSearchAct
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideSearchAct$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideSearchAct$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.acts.RideSearchAct$3
br/ufrj/caronae/models/ModelReceivedFromChat.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.ModelReceivedFromChat
br/ufrj/caronae/ACRAreport/CrashReportSender.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.ACRAreport.CrashReportSender
 br.ufrj.caronae.ACRAreport.CrashReportSender$1
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/CustomPhoneDialogClass.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.CustomPhoneDialogClass
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/RidesHistoryFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RidesHistoryFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RidesHistoryFrag$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.RidesHistoryFrag$2
br/ufrj/caronae/httpapis/Tls12SocketFactory.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.Tls12SocketFactory
br/ufrj/caronae/httpapis/ServiceCallback.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.httpapis.ServiceCallback
br/ufrj/caronae/components/gallery/GalleryPickerFragment.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.gallery.GalleryPickerFragment
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.gallery.GalleryPickerFragment$1
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/NeighborhoodsFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.NeighborhoodsFrag
br/ufrj/caronae/frags/AboutFrag.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.AboutFrag
 br.ufrj.caronae.frags.AboutFrag$1
br/ufrj/caronae/customizedviews/ExpandPhotoDialogClass.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.customizedviews.ExpandPhotoDialogClass
br/ufrj/caronae/components/gallery/MediaItemViewListener.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.components.gallery.MediaItemViewListener
br/ufrj/caronae/models/RideEndedEvent.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.RideEndedEvent
br/ufrj/caronae/asyncs/LogOut.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.asyncs.LogOut
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/api14/Camera1.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api14.Camera1
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api14.Camera1$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api14.Camera1$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api14.Camera1$3
br/ufrj/caronae/adapters/RidesHistoryAdapter.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.RidesHistoryAdapter
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.RidesHistoryAdapter$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.adapters.RidesHistoryAdapter$ViewHolder
br/ufrj/caronae/commons/cameraview/api21/Camera2.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api21.Camera2
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api21.Camera2$1
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api21.Camera2$2
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api21.Camera2$3
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api21.Camera2$4
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api21.Camera2$5
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api21.Camera2$6
 br.ufrj.caronae.commons.cameraview.api21.Camera2$PictureCaptureCallback
br/ufrj/caronae/models/Zone.java
 br.ufrj.caronae.models.Zone
